A little help on stuff we got here:

NoRecoil
    Drops recoil completely.
    (!) If you shoot all bullets at same spot it may be dangerous.
    (!) Use aimbot with randomizer or mouse your mouse to look legit.

    If streamer safe mode enabled:
        It DOES NOT remove sway.
        You have to use drop down selector.
        You can set no recoil intensity from 1 (100%) to 0 (0%) or anything in between, like 0.5 to have only 50% recoil.

    If streamer safe mode NOT enabled:
        It removes sway completely.
        Sway does not persist if you move while aiming.
        You DON'T have to use drop down selector.

    Non stream safe no recoil once applied, can not be reverted unless you exfiltrate.
    Both options must be changed outside of raid.

Instant ADS
    Just help you to ADS fast. Once applied persists till end raid.
    (!) Not stream safe.

Loot Through Walls
    While active, aim downsight to move your FOV (camera) forward XX meters and loot the item.
    Select from 0 to 3 meters from dropdown below.
    Sometimes you need, far sometimes close, sometimes right angle.
    Container searching starts only from 2 meters from your REAL POSITION.

FlyHack
    Clicking will trigger memory scan and once succesful it can be enabled and disabled.
    That will make you run in the air. Disabling will make you fall down so find a safe place to land.

Always Allow Sprint
    Clicking will trigger memory scan and once succesful it can be enabled and disabled.
    Do a run in a bush first so it stops you from sprinting over, then click a button.

Fast RPM
    Make gun full auto gun shoot as best RPM gun in game.
    Single fire rate gun also get best single fire rate.

Lean Hack
    Once enabled there is an OSD note with a LeanState.
    Do ALT + S and then holding Q or E will change the state and gun will more left or right.
    (can release after as app will remember the state until you reset it)

    Now when you aim, your camera will more to where your gun is.
    Works with aimbot as well.

    Do ALT + W and hold it a little to reset the state and move your gun back to it's normal position.
    You can't be seen leaning in that state at all, so you can peek people safely, just don't expose yourself too much as your body is visible.

    (!) There are two distance options you can select from.
    0.12 mimics sidefire distance and exposes your body enough to get shot but allows you to aim.
    0.3 works better and hides your body better but may get you no shot reg that in theory may get logged and if you get a lot of no reg there may be consequences.

Utility Stuff
    No weapon jam
    No weapon overheat
    No armor movement penalties
        Once armor penalties removed, it will be green in the inventory.
        (examine item to verify if you want)
        Put in off and now for this to take effect. 
    Fast mags.
        Once your mags go green, you will be able to load and unload them fast as well.
        (examine item to verify if you want)

Pink Dudes
    Just pink chams that sometimes crash the game on raid end and sometimes mid raid.

Pink Dudes - Alt Mode
    Potential alternative to crashes. How to use:
    Disable PinkDudes
    Check Alt Mode
    Go customs, offline raid or online if you want to play online. No bots needed.
    Click "Alt Mode Scan".
    See on OSD when scan is finished and it tells material found or not.
    If material found, re-enable pink dudes and go play the game. Chams will be glowing green.
    If not - then you're fucked, remove checkbox and use pink bastards.
    Potential issue: Unity may do a cleanup thus unloading material we use and it may cause either pink chams or crash the game.
    If you play customs from time to time, just scan from time to time as well.

-----------------
BSOD Warning.
-----------------

FlyHack
Always Allow Sprint
These are signature scanners
Sadly they may cause blue screen upon first activation so it's advised to go offline raid 
first and enable them all there. (they persist between raids)
